=== 1.0.0 2010-06-22

Initial release

=== 1.0.1 2010-06-22

Minor detail changes

=== 1.1.0 2010-06-23

Added :Kernel.backtrace.
Added :Kernel.backtrace_includes?.
Fixed external requirement of Ruby source directory. Gem should now install transparently and painlessly.

=== 1.1.1-4 2010-06-23

Minor detail changes

=== 1.2 2010-06-24

Fixed __caller__.
Observed that no backtrace is available for :initialize. For now this can be circumvented by subclassing new (make sure you call super);
in the long term, I am investing what needs to be done for the special case. 

=== 1.3 2010-06-27

Added init_sender_callbacks( sender, caller ) to take care of :initialize issue. Include Sender module in your class to activate and 
:init_sender_callbacks( __sender__, __caller__ ) will be called on self from self.class.new before self.initialize.

=== 1.4 2010-06-29

Removed init_sender_callbacks that were added in 1.3.
New implementation of backtrace- now works for :initialize.
__sender__ and __caller__ now work for :initialize and return the object and method that called :new.

=== 1.4.1-2 2010-06-29

Fixed path problem for VERSION.rdoc.

=== 1.4.3 2010-06-29

Fixed problems with superclass method definitions so __sender__ and __caller__ return the caller to the first method in the class chain.

=== 1.5 2010-07-09

Added to Kernel:
* :each_backtrace_frame
* :backtrace_includes?
* :backtrace_includes_one_of?
* :backtrace_frame_with
* :backtrace_frames_with

Added Hash-specification support for context inspection. Now functions take element value (object instance, class, method symbol, filename string,
line number fixnum) or Hash containing frame detail specification. 

Added Enumerator support. Non-block enumeration will iterate the backtrace that was the active context when :each_backtrace_frame was called.

=== 1.5.1 2010-07-09

Fixed return values for :backtrace_with_frame to return nil rather than false.

=== 1.5.2-3 2010-07-10

Added support for Ruby 1.9.2rc1 (iseq struct changed).
Added ruby_core_source support so that Ruby core files don't have to be included.

=== 1.5.4 2010-08-24

Updated for 1.9.2p0
Fixed dependencies (hopefully).
Changed from ruby_core_source gem to core-source gem
Changed from mkmf to mkmfmf gem

=== 1.5.5-6 2010-10-28

Fixed dependencies. Everything should _actually_ install properly now. 

=== 1.5.7 2010-??-??

Made a mess.

=== 1.5.8 2010-10-28

Fixed mess somehow created in 1.5.7. Gem should install cleanly.
